AWS Elastic File System is
a fully scalable and elastic NFS file system
that grows and shrinks as you add and remove files.
It is billed at $0.08 a gigabyte,
and you only pay for what you use.
It uses the NFS for protocol,
to read and write files from the file system.
An AWS supports any number of EC2 instance connections at the same time,
hundreds and even thousands.
So let's take a look at all the steps required to create an Elastic File System.
An Elastic File System is the high-performance,
low-latency share that can be shared by thousands of EC2 instances at a time.
So what we're going to do is we want to create a file system, define the VPC.
We're just going to choose the default VPC,
and what amount of targets we want.
So we are in the Northern Virginia region,
which has six availability zones.
So we're going to go ahead and select all six of them,
so that any instance that we create in
this region can attach to the share that we're creating.
So lifecycle policy for EFS,
basically it's going to help you save money.
Because if a file hasn't been accessed after,
let's see here, seven, 14, 30, 60,
or 90 days, it's going to move that file automatically to
a lower cost storage tier, called Infrequent Access.
So let's go ahead and say,
if it hasn't been accessed in 60 days,
we'll move it to EFS IA,
we'll use Bursting throughput.
We don't need Provisioned,
that's going to cost a little bit more.
A performance mode, General Purpose,
Max I/O is really for extremely high-performance systems.
Let's go ahead and enable encryption using the default key.
We're not going to configure any special access rules here.
It's going to accept the defaults.
If everything looks good,
let's go ahead and create our file system.
While it's creating, we can go back and add a couple of tags.
So it's creating access in every availability zone of our region,
that takes a little while.
So while it's doing that, let's go ahead and add some tags.
So add some environment, let's say,
production, and let's say,
for the application, it's database 23.
It takes a while to create because we did add encryption.
So we'll just wait for it to create.
Let's refresh and see where we are again.
Okay, great. All six of our availability zones have access to the share now,
and we're ready to go. Thank you.